# Rotary Encoder to LED Software
The purpose of this program is to read the register from the rotary encoder to determine which state we are in, then write a string to the LED component that indicates the state.

## Functionality
The program used the system attribute files from the device drivers to read from the rotary encoder register. This register has 64 possible states that correspond to the 64 volume levels that can be used with the buzzer. The LED array on the FPGA is meant to act as a volume indicator, so each  of the 64 states were divided into 8 equally sized volume levels. The 0 state of the rotary encoder represents the lowest volume, which is represented by the far left LED being on and the rest being off. The rotary encoder state can be increased by turning the rotary encoder to the right. As the state increases from 0 to 63 (64 total states), the LED array will "fill up" from left to right as a typical volume indicator would. The rotary encoder can be turned either way to adjust volume and the LED array will adjust accordingly, but if the array is full or in the 0  state described above, continuing to turn the encoder up or down respectively will not have any effect. 

## Register Locations
The rotary encoder base address is 0x0003 0000. With the offset from the FPGA bridge, the encoder state register is at 0xFF23 0000. The LED array driver base address is 0x0002 0000. With the offset from the FPGA bridge, the register for writing the LED pattern is at 0xFF22 0000.